feat(builtgateway): document builtin gateway and policies (#697)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/documentation/gateway.md

# Gateway

Kuma Gateway is a Kuma component that routes network traffic from outside a Kuma mesh to services inside the mesh.

> The gateway can be thought of as having 1 foot outside the mesh to receive traffic and one foot inside the mesh to route this external traffic to services inside the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gateway can be thought of as having one foot outside the mesh to receive traffic and one foot inside the mesh to route this external traffic to services inside the mesh.
```

When you use a data plane proxy with a service, both inbound traffic to a service and outbound traffic from the service flows through the proxy.
Gateway should be deployed as any other service within the mesh. However, in this case we want inbound traffic to go directly to the Gateway,
otherwise clients would have to be provided with certificates that are generated dynamically for communication between services within the mesh.
Security for an entrance to the mesh should be handled by Gateway itself.

Kuma Gateway is deployed as a Kuma Dataplane, i.e. an instance of the `kuma-dp` process.
Like all Kuma Dataplanes, the Kuma Gateway Dataplane manages a co-located Envoy proxy process that does the actual network traffic proxying.

There exists 2 types of gateways:

> - Delegated: Which enables users to use any existing gateway like [Kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong).
> - Builtin: Which will configure the data plane proxy to expose external listeners to drive traffic inside the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delegated: enables users to use any existing gateway like [Kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong).
- Builtin: configures the proxy to expose external listeners to drive traffic inside the mesh.
```

::: warning
Gateways exist within a mesh.
If you have multiple meshes you will want to add one gateway by mesh.
:::

> ## Delegated

Author: Yep next release
